fix(cloudflare): code pattern cloudflare local runtime (#61)
withastro/adapters: packages/cloudflare/README.md

### `runtime`

> `runtime: { mode: 'off' } | { mode: 'local'; type: 'pages'; persistTo?: string; bindings?: Record<string, CF_BINDING>} | { mode: 'local'; type: 'workers'; persistTo?: string; };`

Author: **[DOCS]**
This is not even the full type. See `CF_BINDING`.
I personally don't think we can fit any helpful type here, my suggestion is to give it a type name and link that to the GitHub code? WDYT?

Reviewer: [DOCS]

OK, if this seems overwhelming to you, my first suggestion is (reserve judgement on the heresy): What if someone didn't care about **types** at this point, and just wanted to know which values they can set here?

First, optimize for **usage** -- someone needs to be able to configure this. It's totally fine to take an additional breath (section) to specifically describe the types of the various options.

Author: Will do as discussed in Discord:

https://discord.com/channels/830184174198718474/1075516604428857344/1177231072132608050

default `{ mode: 'off', persistTo: '' }`

Determines whether and how the Cloudflare Runtime is added to `astro dev`.
Read more about [the Cloudflare Runtime](#cloudflare-runtime).

The `type` property defines where your Astro project is deployed to:

- `pages`: Deployed to [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/)
- `workers`: Deployed to [Cloudflare Workers](https://workers.cloudflare.com/)

The `mode` property defines what the runtime supports in `astro dev`:

- `off`: no access to the runtime using `astro dev`. You can alternatively use [Preview with Wrangler](#preview-with-wrangler)

> - `local`: uses a local runtime powered by miniflare and workerd. This supports Cloudflare's Bindings currently. For unsupported features, you can alterntively use `moed: 'off'` in combination with [Preview with Wrangler](#preview-with-wrangler)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `local`: uses a local runtime powered by miniflare and workerd, which supports Cloudflare's Bindings. 
```
So, some problems understanding when I can/can't use this option that would ideally be addressed:

Forget for a moment that I might not know which features are unsupported (but, that's also a worry). Better to state when to use each one, rather than refer to the exact other configuration you already mentioned.

I'm also not sure, since you just said that Wrangler is an *alternative* to `off`, why I might now use `off` *with* Wrangler Preview.

Also, "Choose when" or "Only use if" kinds of statements are generally more helpful than saying "you can use the other configuration". Forget for a moment that in neither case do I know when or why I should/might choose Wrangler (though, I don't). I might prefer to add under `off` something about "use this for unsupported features such as...."

The `persistTo` property defines where the local bindings state is saved to when using `mode: local`, so you don't get a fresh binding on every restart of the dev server. This value is a directory relative to your `astro dev` execution path. By default it is set to `.wrangler/state/v3` to allow usage of `wrangler` cli commands, e.g. for migrations. You don't need to check this directory into your repository.

## Cloudflare runtime

> The Cloudflare runtime gives you access to environment variables and Cloudflare bindings, read more about it in Cloudflare's [Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/bindings/) and [Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/bindings/) docs. Depending on your deployment type (`pages` or `workers`), you need to configure the bindings differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloudflare runtime gives you access to environment variables and Cloudflare bindings. You can find more information in Cloudflare's [Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/bindings/) and [Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/bindings/) docs. Depending on your deployment type (`pages` or `workers`), you need to configure the bindings differently.
```

Currently supported bindings:

- Environment Variables
- [Cloudflare Workers KV](https://developers.cloudflare.com/kv/)
- [Cloudflare D1](https://developers.cloudflare.com/d1/)
- [Cloudflare R2](https://developers.cloudflare.com/r2/)
- [Cloudflare Durable Objects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/durable-objects/)

### Config

#### Cloudflare Pages

> Cloudflare Pages does not support a configuration file. You need to configure the bindings using Cloudflare's Dashboard, if you deploy your pages project to production. To be able to access bindings locally, you need to configure them using the adpater's `runtime` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Pages does not support a configuration file. 

To deploy your pages project to production, you need to configure the bindings using Cloudflare's Dashboard. To be able to access bindings locally, you need to configure them using the adpater's `runtime` option.
```

export default defineConfig({
  output: 'server',
  adapter: cloudflare({
+   runtime: {
+     mode: 'local',
+     type: 'pages',
+     bindings: {
        // example of a KV binding
+       "URL": {
+         type: "var",
+         id: "https://example.com",
+       },

>         // example of a KV binding

Reviewer: [DOCS]

just checking, BOTH of these say KV binding here.

+       "KV": {
+         type: "kv",
+         id: "KV",
+       },
        // example of a D1 binding
+       "D1": {
+         type: "d1",
+         database_name: "D1"
+         preview_database_id: "D1",
+         database_id: "D1",
+       },
        // example of a R2 binding
+       "R2": {
+         type: "r2",
+         bucket_name: "R2",
+       },
        // example of a Durable Object binding
+       "DO": {
+         type: "durable-object",
+         className: "DO",
+       },
+     },

> +   },

Author: **[DOCS]**
We got feedback that we should document how to configure bindings, therefore here I've gone with one example per supported binding. WDYT?

Reviewer: [DOCS]

These look very helpful! My only concern is not showing valid code. If you are only ever going to configure ONE of these at a time, then this example is misleading. (Admittedly, I don't know this, so I'm just checking)

It's not the biggest deal, but I would caution about showing multiple configs in the same file if this isn't how it works without some kind of warning that you'll only actually use one of these at the same time. If it is possible to configure multiple, then great!

Author: You can configure any of them in any combination and any amount. 
All of the following examples are valid. My only concern now is that it is not clear that you can configure it like this. What is you impression? @sarah11918 

- `var + var + var`
- `var + var + D1 + KV + KV`
- `var + D1 + var + KV + R2 + var`

  }),
});
```

If you also need to define `secrets` in addition to enviroment variables, you need to add a `.dev.vars` file to the root of the Astro project:

```
# .dev.vars
DB_PASSWORD=myPassword
```

> If you want to use `wrangler` for cli commands, e.g. D1 migrations, you would also need to add a `wrangler.toml` to the root of the Astro project with the correct content. Consult [Cloudflare's documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use `wrangler` for cli commands, e.g. D1 migrations, you also need to add a `wrangler.toml` to the root of the Astro project with the correct content. Consult [Cloudflare's documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) for further details.
```
"would" is almost never needed. So as a gut check, always remove it and see whether the sentence still works.

```toml
# wrangler.toml
name = "example"
compatibility_date = "2023-06-14"

# example for D1 Binding
[[d1_databases]]
binding = "D1"
database_name = "D1"
database_id = "D1"
preview_database_id = "D1"
```

#### Cloudflare Workers

> Compared to [Cloudfare Pages](#cloudflare-pages), for Cloudflare Workers you need to configure the bindings using a `wrangler.toml` config file in the root directory of your Astro project. This file is also needed for production deployments.

Reviewer: NOTE: I HAVE TO WALK AWAY BUT WANT TO EDIT THIS ONE THING

> Compared to [Cloudfare Pages](#cloudflare-pages), for Cloudflare Workers you need to configure the bindings using a `wrangler.toml` config file in the root directory of your Astro project. This file is also needed for production deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike for [Cloudfare Pages](#cloudflare-pages), for Cloudflare Workers you need to configure the bindings using a `wrangler.toml` config file in the root directory of your Astro project. This file is also needed for production deployments.
```

I don't think "compared to" is what you want here, because this didn't immediately give me a comparison. I suggested something above that I think might be close to what you mean, but the issue is that use of "compared to".

Note that it's not even really necessary to relate it to Cloudflare pages at all, since you can imagine some people will turn up on this page, look at the sidebar and think, "Oh, I want Cloudflare Workers!" and just click to get right here, never having read anything about Cloudflare Pages!  :smile:  You could totally just start this sentence at "For Cloudflare Workers, you need to..." and, that would be fine!

```toml
# wrangler.toml
name = "example"

# example for KV Binding
kv_namespaces = [
    { binding = "KV", id = "KV", preview_id = "KV" },
]

# example of environment variables
[vars]
URL = "example.com"

# example for D1 Binding
[[d1_databases]]
binding = "D1"
database_name = "D1"
database_id = "D1"
preview_database_id = "D1"

# example for R2 Binding
[[r2_buckets]]
binding = 'R2'
bucket_name = 'R2'

# example for Durable Object Binding
[[durable_objects.bindings]]
name = "DO"

> class_name = "DO"

Author: [DOCS]
Similar as above. Got feedback people want to know how to use `wrangler.toml`
